```bash
reranking_output(.venv) bijut@b:~/rag-methods-playground/reranking_cross_encoder$ python reranking.py
```

```bash
Added 46 chunks to vector DB.

Top 5 most relevant docs (reranked):

Document #1 (Score: 5.9973)
additional information. athene accumulator annuities are designed to meet your long - term
savings and retirement needs. they include a withdrawal charge period. if you withdraw
more money than the free amount allowed by your contract, or if you surrender the annuity
before the withdrawal charge period ends, a withdrawal charge and market value adjustment
will be applied. these charges do not apply to free withdrawals, rmds, payments made in
settlement of your annuity ’ s death benefit, or confinement and terminal illness waivers.
withdrawal charge if you surrender your annuity or withdraw an amount that exceeds the
free withdrawal amount during the withdrawal charge period, you will incur a withdrawal
charge. in part, withdrawal charges allow the company to invest your money on a long -
term basis and generally offer higher rates than possible with a similar annuity of
shorter term. see the certificate of disclosure for details. 5 market value adjustment
====================================================================================================
Document #2 (Score: 1.6612)
whichever is greater. 8 minimum guaranteed contract value ensures you will receive a
minimum interest crediting rate on a percentage of your premium, adjusted for withdrawals,
while the contract is in effect. contract surrender if you decide to surrender your
contract, athene will pay you the contract ’ s cash surrender value. the cash surrender
value is equal to the greater of the following values as defined in your contract : • the
accumulated value less any applicable withdrawal charges and adjusted for any mva • the
minimum guaranteed contract value please see the certificate of disclosure for more
information on these features. 6
====================================================================================================
Document #3 (Score: 1.1086)
additional features for added peace of mind. free withdrawals beginning in the first
contract year, you can withdraw up to 10 % of your annuity ’ s accumulated value each
contract year without a withdrawal charge or market value adjustment ( mva ). 5 required
minimum distributions ( rmds ) are withdrawals from qualified contracts ( such as an ira )
required by the irs. 6 these withdrawals from your annuity contract are considered part of
your free withdrawal, free of withdrawal charges and mva for the contract year. bailout
feature — flexibility and protection if athene lowers the declared 1 - year point - to -
point s & p 500® index strategy annual cap rate below the bailout cap rate, you ’ ll have
full access to your annuity ’ s accumulated value — free of any charges for up to 30 days
after the contract anniversary in which the bailout cap rate was pierced. after the 30 -
day bailout window, all charges may apply. confinement waiver withdraw up to 100 % of the
annuity ’ s
====================================================================================================
Document #4 (Score: 0.8473)
athene accumulator gives you the opportunity to grow value and lock in gains. your money
is not directly exposed to the risks of the stock market or individual stocks. we
guarantee you will not lose money due to stock market risk or losses. year 0 year 5 year
10 year 15 $ 0 $ 50, 000 $ 100, 000 $ 150, 000 $ 200, 000 $ 250, 000 $ 300, 000 $ 350, 000
1 - year point - to - point index strategy hypothetical index this hypothetical example
assumes $ 100, 000 initial premium, 1 - year point - to - point index strategy, and an 8 %
annual cap that doesn ' t change. the contract is held for 15 years and no withdrawals
were taken. hypothetical examples are for informational purposes only and are not
indicative of past, nor intended to predict, future performance of any specific annuity
product or interest crediting method. each contract anniversary, any interest credits
earned are “ locked in. ” even if the market goes down, the growth already received in the
accumulated value will not be lost. 5
====================================================================================================
Document #5 (Score: 0.1586)
a qualified care facility for at least 60 consecutive days and meets the eligibility
requirements. this benefit is available after the first contract anniversary and
confinement must begin after the contract date. additional limitations, state variations
and exclusions may apply. please see the certificate of disclosure for more information.
bailout feature if athene lowers the declared 1 - year point - to - point s & p 500® index
strategy annual cap rate below the bailout cap rate, you ’ ll have full access to your
annuity ’ s accumulated value — free of any charges for up to 30 days after the contract
anniversary in which the bailout cap rate was pierced. after the 30 - day bailout window,
all charges may apply. market value adjustment ( mva ) applied to the portion of the
withdrawal or surrender that exceeds the free withdrawal amount during the withdrawal
charge period. additional limitations, variations and exclusions may apply.
====================================================================================================

Final Answer:

For Athene Accumulator 10 annuities, there are surrender charges and withdrawal options to consider:

1. **Withdrawal Charges:** If you surrender your annuity or withdraw an amount that exceeds the free withdrawal amount during the withdrawal charge period, you will incur a withdrawal charge. This charge allows the company to invest your money on a long-term basis and generally offers higher rates than possible with a similar annuity of shorter term.

2. **Market Value Adjustment:** A market value adjustment (MVA) may be applied to the portion of the withdrawal or surrender that exceeds the free withdrawal amount during the withdrawal charge period. This adjustment ensures that the company can meet its obligations even in changing market conditions.

3. **Free Withdrawals:** Beginning in the first contract year, you can withdraw up to 10% of your annuity's accumulated value each contract year without a withdrawal charge or market value adjustment. These free withdrawals provide flexibility for accessing a portion of your funds when needed.

4. **Bailout Feature:** If Athene lowers the declared 1-year point-to-point S&P 500 index strategy annual cap rate below the bailout cap rate, you'll have full access to your annuity's accumulated value free of any charges for up to 30 days after the contract anniversary in which the bailout cap rate was pierced.

5. **Confinement Waiver:** In certain circumstances, you may be able to withdraw up to 100% of the annuity's value if confined to a qualified care facility for at least 60 consecutive days, subject to eligibility requirements and limitations.

6. **Minimum Guaranteed Contract Value:** This ensures you will receive a minimum interest crediting rate on a percentage of your premium adjusted for withdrawals while the contract is in effect.

Please refer to the certificate of disclosure for specific details on surrender charges, withdrawal options, and any other features associated with the Athene Accumulator 10 annuity.

(.venv) bijut@b:~/rag-methods-playground/reranking_cross_encoder$
```
